How to run application:
	To begin, open the the zip file in which lies the datasheets called “states.txt”, “counties.txt”,  “cities.txt”, “SO2AQI”, “COAQI.txt”, “dates.txt”,  “uspollutionnums.txt”, the MatLab code files named “final.m”, “initialize.m”, “generator.m” and the Appdesigner file named “finalapp.mlapp” . Clicking the datasheets should open the excel spreadsheets containing all the necessary information. These files are in ‘.txt’ format so they’re easy to use in MatLab. Clicking the MatLab code file named “final.m” will open the full script of code, which includes calls to the two other functions we created. You will have to right click on that file so that you can open it directly to MatLab. You must run the ‘final.m’ code in MatLab so that the variables are saved to the base workspace and recognizable to the code written in Appdesigner. Then, you will be able to click on the Appdesigner file from the zip and interact with the Figure.

	You are now able to maneuver through the drop down menus. They are designed so that when you make a selection for the State, it automatically filters the data and makes it possible to select the County of that specific state. The same process is also followed to filter through the data so we can gather the necessary information to the specific City chosen from the desired County. You also are required to select the pollution type from the available drop down menu.

	With these inputs you will be able to see the corresponding graphs from the specific selections the user made. For example, with the selections of Massachusetts, Suffolk, Boston, and say, NO2, the program would filter through the large data set and pull the significant data from the 16 years recorded. Then it would narrow down further into Suffolk county, then the city of Boston, and the values of NO2 (or the corresponding pollution type) over the last 16 years. A graph of the chosen pollutant will print first then on the bottom the graph determining the AQI values over the 16 years will be printed.
	
	Through this mode of analysis and prediction we are able to provide the user with a hands-on module that will let them explore tons of data. We hope that through this predicted information that the future will recognize what certain cities may look like with regards to pollution. As popular cities continue to grow we are able to see that this type of situation is not in our favor and it is never too early to begin taking action to reduce the effects of pollution. This application is also only a representation of the US. We hope to create a representation like this for the rest of the globe.

	As a side note, the data set did not include all 50 states of the US and included only 37. There are also some states, such as Wyoming, that have counties, but that did not have city names so the drop down menu would not work for states that have those issues. 
